well howdy there internet people it's bo
again
so today we're going to talk about uh
understanding other people
and making sure that you frame things
in a way that appeals to them and of
course we're going to talk about trump's
tax documents
but we're going to do it a different way
we're going to give some advice
to the democratic party because flat out
they're doing it wrong
they are doing it wrong
there is information that is damaging to
the trump campaign
in the new york times's allegations
but it is not that he paid 750 in taxes
that that is not going to impact his
base
at all to the contrary it is going to
endear him to them
smart soldiers will
take the time to learn their
opposition's
tactics really smart soldiers
will take the time to learn how their
opposition thinks
and what motivates them
it may not make any sense to you
but trump's base views him
as an establishment outsider some
maverick
who is always bucking the system
the possibility that he might have
been less than truthful on his tax forms
that isn't going to impact them they're
going to think that's a good thing
i promise you somebody is going to say
he paid 750 dollars too much
think about what you're appealing to
when you make
this statement you're appealing to
a sense of fair play civic duty
honesty does any of this
sound like a trump supporter
it's probably not going to appeal to
them
trump's base they are experts at
doublethink
they truly believe the trust fund baby
billionaire
who had the exact right connections to
get bone spurs
at the perfect time that he's not part
of the establishment
they think he's like them when in
reality he doesn't even like
them but that's what they believe
because of that they can simultaneously
hold the opinions that they want a
strong man leader
some authoritarian like trump
and pretend they're anti-government
the the idea that he somehow scammed
the government it's not going to fly
with them
they don't care about that
however there is
information here that is incredibly
damaging to him
it's just not that
trump in the years leading up to 2012
some years he had hundreds of millions
of dollars
in in revenue we're talking about a lot
of money coming in
and then in 2012 he started losing money
losing money in 2012.
man can't even balance a checkbook
how is he going to make america great
again 2012 yeah
he's losing money in the middle of that
bull economy
started what july of 2009 i think is
when it really started kicking up
he couldn't even turn a profit then in
the middle of the greatest economy the
world has ever seen
the one he's been taking credit for this
whole time that started way before he
took office
he couldn't even do it then this whole
idea that he left
a lap of luxury to become a public
servant
and help the common folk that's not true
in the years before the election he's
losing like 50 million dollars a year
and i would point out that once he uh
got into office
he may well i don't want to say he made
money because he still didn't turn a
profit
but he lost less i'm assuming it
probably has at least something to do
with all those trips to his resorts
maybe we don't know
because he doesn't have the most
transparent administration ever
you have the key here to
undermining his hold on people
one of their core beliefs is that this
man can do nothing wrong
that he's a great businessman that he's
going to lead us
out of whatever
horrible situation they perceive us to
be in when in reality
he couldn't turn a profit in the middle
of one of the best economies we've ever
had
that's what you have to focus on they do
not care
about fair play none of the the
none of the things that matter when it
comes to the idea
of a billionaire in quotation marks with
a little asterisk by it i guess
paying 750 in taxes none of that appeals
to them
they don't care about civic duty they
don't care about civic responsibility
they won't even wear a mask
you think they're going to care he
didn't pay his taxes
of course not
you're talking about selfish people
that's his base
those are his true supporters those are
the people who are truly under his spell
they care only about themselves they've
put their hope in this man
based on what he told them and it was a
lie
they don't care that he lied to the feds
they might care that he lied to them
that he's misrepresented himself this
whole time
that's the framing the democratic party
needs to use
not that he didn't pay his taxes
they're going to see that as a good
thing they're going to see that as
well he didn't want to fund things he
was morally opposed to
because again that double think they
believe he
has a moral compass of sorts
rather than somebody who goes from deal
to deal
everything's transactional
and with that in mind and everything
being transactional about him
he has hundreds of millions of dollars
in debt
and it's coming due what do you think
he's going to offer him if he's sitting
in the oval office
them if you don't think trump
will sell out the american citizens as
he has done
everybody you're more under his spell
than most i think even his
most ardent supporters would admit that
he is very quick
to cut ties and shove people under the
bus
if he is in the oval office when that
debt comes due
those people who he is indebted to
well he has a whole lot of uh collateral
that he can put up
and that's the american people
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night